hey guys I want to do a small map wall
from the Daphne Guinness collection i
only got two products but i love them
well i know i love one of them
because I've already had it this is my
second one I picked up to the to blush
embrace that were released in the
collection the Azalea blossom and
vibrant I'm sorry vintage group
this one scared me a little bit I ain't
gonna lie
first one I want to show you is vintage
great
do you all have probably seen this
before but I'm going to show you anyway
this one
I couldn't remember seeing it in person
but i know i loved the Azalea blossom so
I figured I'd go ahead and try this
but I'm a little intimidated by it I
don't know if I'm going to get it to
show up really true to color I mean it's
pretty dark and I'm pretty light so
it's really I mean I guess that's pretty
true to color right there
so yeah where that is really
I guess I just have to have a very light
hand with us so that's vintage grape and
the other one I got is Azalea blossom
which I had before and I absolutely love
it it is probably my favorite blush that
I own right next to I really like my
stila colour custom blush and the black
thing off to do a review on that one
tube that's really one of my favorites
anyway this is Azalea blossom
and you can see by the label it is very
well loved
and I'm sure most of you have seen this
before
it's just a pretty purple it starts off
as purple on down below and goes into a
nice light tank and see if I could
swatch it for you
just a very pretty light pink color and
I'm very light-skinned obviously
so
it's perfect for me I really enjoy it
there's the swatch it just gives you a
nice pink glow again it's not too dark
and if you blend it out it just gives
you a nice rosy glow which is really
what I like about it so you barely see
it
I really enjoy as Elian blossom next to
each other maybe that'll give you a
better idea of
the darkness of vibrant grape sorry
vintage creep I keep calling a vibrant
so yeah this one's a little this one
little scary but we'll see how it works
out
well I just wanted to share with you my
little mini haul it's about time it's a
mini Hawks I've been home too much for
me anyway thanks for watching guys bye